Add Skyloong/Gk68 pro keyboard (#22509)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/skyloong/gk68/pro/readme.md

# GK68 PRO

![GK68 PRO](https://i.imgur.com/YAFEoq7h.jpg)

## The PCB features:
* QMK & VIA compatibility
* RGB Matrix backlight
* The space bar position switch can be interchanged with encoder module.

> The following is the QMK Firmware for the Destop 68% keylayout -  designed in Dongguan Jizhi Electronic Technology Co., Ltd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is the QMK Firmware for the Destop 68 key layout -  designed in Dongguan Jizhi Electronic Technology Co., Ltd
```
